docs: readme updates (#1161)
ApeWorX/ape: README.md

# Overview

**Ape Framework** is an easy-to-use, beginner friendly Web3 development tool. 
Users can compile, test, and interact with smart contracts all in one command line session.
With our **modular plugin system**, Ape supports multiple contract languages and chains.

Ape is built by [ApeWorX LTD](https://www.apeworx.io/).

Join our [ApeWorX Discord server](https://discord.gg/apeworx) to stay up to date on new release, plugins and tutorials.

If you want to just get started, jump down to our Quick Start guide!

> # Documentation

Reviewer: It is problematic to have multiple top-level headers actually...
There should only be 1 header with a single `#` in the entire document.

> Read our [technical documenation](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/stable/) to get a deeper understanding of our open source Framework.

Reviewer: Please run spell check!

```suggestion
Read our [technical documentation](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/stable/) to get a deeper understanding of our open source Framework.
```

> Read our [academic platform](https://academy.apeworx.io/) will help you master Ape Framework with it tutorials and challenges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read our [academic platform](https://academy.apeworx.io/) will help you master Ape Framework with tutorials and challenges.
```

## Prerequisite

In the latest release, Ape requires:

- Linux or macOS
- Python 3.8 or later
- **Windows**: Install Windows Subsystem Linux [(WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) with Pyhon 3.8 or later

Check your python version in a terminal with `python3 --version`

## Installation

There are three ways to install ape: `pipx`, `pip`, or `Docker`.

> ### Considerations for installing:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Considerations for installing: 

```

Should have newlines after headers

> ##### Considerations for installing:  

Reviewer: The `#` symbols should only ever increase by 1 at a time. It does not do anything to make it increase more but it throws off the priorities when rendering the markdown.

The header before this has `##` (2 of them).
That means this one can have anywhere from 1-3 `#` symbols.
Based on the context, I am assuming you want `###`

```suggestion
### Considerations for installing:  
```

Author: Yes, it was incremental until i removed and reordered some stuff

> # Quick Start

Reviewer: We are not able to change the name of this document because it is also the Quick Start in the docs.

> # Overview

Reviewer: I verified, it works.

> ![](http://url/to/img.png)

Reviewer: - [ ] this needs to be filled out still

**Ape Framework** is an easy-to-use, beginner friendly Web3 development tool. 
Users can compile, test, and interact with smart contracts all in one command line session.
With our **modular plugin system**, Ape supports multiple contract languages and chains.

Ape is built by [ApeWorX LTD](https://www.apeworx.io/).

Join our [ApeWorX Discord server](https://discord.gg/apeworx) to stay up to date on new release, plugins and tutorials.

> If you want to just get started, jump down to our Quick Start guide!

Author: I changed it to Playing with Ape. In the the next iteration, I indent to document this whole section out to a userguide.

Join our [ApeWorX Discord server](https://discord.gg/apeworx) to stay up to date on new release, plugins and tutorials.

# Documentation

Read our [technical documenation](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/stable/) to get a deeper understanding of our open source Framework.

Read our [academic platform](https://academy.apeworx.io/) will help you master Ape Framework with it tutorials and challenges.

## Prerequisite

In the latest release, Ape requires:

- Linux or macOS
- Python 3.8 or later
- **Windows**: Install Windows Subsystem Linux [(WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) with Pyhon 3.8 or later

Check your python version in a terminal with `python3 --version`

## Installation

> There are 4 ways to install ape: `pipx`, `pip`, `homebrew`, or `Docker`.

Reviewer: Spell out numbers < 10

```suggestion
There are four ways to install ape: `pipx`, `pip`, `homebrew`, or `Docker`.
```

> There are 4 ways to install ape: `pipx`, `pip`, `homebrew`, or `Docker`.

Reviewer: `homebrew` ?!?!? Really? Since when?

### Considerations for installing:

- We advise installing in a [virtualenv](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/) or [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) to avoid interfering with *OS-level site packages* .

- We advise installing **`ape`** with recommended plugins `pip install eth-ape'[recommended-plugins]'`

- We advise for **macOS** users to install virtual env via [homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/virtualenv)

### via `pipx` or `pip`

1. Install `pipx` via their [installation instructions](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/) or `pip` via their [installation instructions](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/)

1.  Install **`ape`** via `pipx install eth-ape` or `pip install eth-ape`

> ### via `docker`

Reviewer: If you rebase and run the precommit, it should auto fix some of these issues now!

# Overview

**Ape Framework** is an easy-to-use Web3 development tool.
Users can compile, test, and interact with smart contracts all in one command line session.
With our **modular plugin system**, Ape supports multiple contract languages and chains.

Ape is built by [ApeWorX LTD](https://www.apeworx.io/).

Join our [ApeWorX Discord server](https://discord.gg/apeworx) to stay up to date on new releases, plugins and tutorials.

> If you want to just get started, jump down to the Playing with Ape section!

Reviewer: You could do a local link here to the next section

## Documentation

Read our [technical documentation](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/stable/) to get a deeper understanding of our open source Framework.

Read our [academic platform](https://academy.apeworx.io/) will help you master Ape Framework with tutorials and challenges.

## Prerequisite

In the latest release, Ape requires:

- Linux or macOS
- Python 3.8 or later
- **Windows**: Install Windows Subsystem Linux [(WSL)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) with Python 3.8 or later

Check your python version in a terminal with `python3 --version`

## Installation

There are three ways to install ape: `pipx`, `pip`, or `Docker`.

> ### Considerations for installing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Considerations for Installing
```

> - We advise installing in a [virtualenv](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/) or [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) to avoid interfering with *OS-level site packages* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We advise installing in a [virtualenv](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/) or [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) to avoid interfering with *OS-level site packages*.
```

- We advise installing **`ape`** with recommended plugins `pip install eth-ape'[recommended-plugins]'`

- We advise for **macOS** users to install virtual env via [homebrew](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/virtualenv)

### via `pipx` or `pip`

1. Install `pipx` via their [installation instructions](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/) or `pip` via their [installation instructions](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/)

1. Install **`ape`** via `pipx install eth-ape` or `pip install eth-ape`

### via `docker`

> Ape can also run in a docker contianer. Please visit our [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/apeworx/ape) for more details on using Ape with Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ape can also run in a docker contianer.
Please visit our [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/apeworx/ape) for more details on using Ape with Docker.
```

### via `pip`

**Suggestion**: Create a virtual environment using [virtualenv](https://pypi.org/project/virtualenv/) or [venv](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html), or [homebrew for MacOS](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/virtualenv)  before you install Ape

> ###### Note:  we advise installing in a virtual environment to avoid interfering with OS-level site packages.

Reviewer: This seems like the wrong number of `#`s

**Install Ape** install via `eth-ape` python package:
You can install the latest release via [pip](https://pypi.org/project/pip/):

```bash

> pip install pip -U

Reviewer: I think it is more readable to use spelled-out CLI options in documentation:

```suggestion
pip install pip --upgrade
```

pip install eth-ape
```

To install Ape and a list of common, **recommended plugins** at the same time, do:

```bash
pip install eth-ape'[recommended-plugins]'
```

### via `docker`

> If prefer docker and would like to run it in a container. Please visit our [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/apeworx/ape) for more details on using Ape with Docker.

Reviewer: This first sentence needs revising.

sudo rm -rf **\~/.vvm**
```

# Quick Start 

After you installed Ape, you can type `ape --version` to make sure it works and it is the latest version. There are two ways to interact with Ape:
- [CLI Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)
- [Python Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)

Ape is both a CLI tool as well as a Python SDK. The CLI tool contains all the Ape commands and the Python SDK contains the classes and types needed to compose scripts, console actions, and tests.

> ### **Ape Modular Plugin Sytem:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### **Ape Modular Plugin Sytem:**

```

Needs newlines after headers.
Also, try to remove trailing spaces if you can for the whole doc

> ### **Ape Modular Plugin Sytem:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### **Ape Modular Plugin System:** 
```

> ### **Ape Modular Plugin Sytem:** 

Reviewer: The headers should only increase 1 `#` at a time.

```suggestion
## **Ape Modular Plugin Sytem:** 
```

```bash
# Used by the `ape-infura` plugin
export WEB3_INFURA_PROJECT_ID=<YOUR_INFURA_PROJECT_ID>
# Used by the `ape-alchemy` plugin
export WEB3_ALCHEMY_API_KEY=<YOUR_ALCHEMY_KEY>
```

Place these in environment files, such as your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`.
# Quick Start 

## Quick Usage
After you installed Ape, you can type `ape --version` to make sure it works and it is the latest version. There are two ways to interact with Ape:
- [CLI Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)
- [Python Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)

Use `-h` to list all the commands:
Ape is both a CLI tool as well as a Python SDK. The CLI tool contains all the Ape commands and the Python SDK contains the classes and types needed to compose scripts, console actions, and tests.

```bash
ape -h
```

### Projects

When using Ape, you generally will work with a project.
To quickly get started using ape, generate a project using the `ape init` command:

```bash
ape init
```

For more in-depth information about smart-contract projects using the Ape framework, see the [projects guide](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/stable/userguides/projects.html).

> ### Accounts

Author: That will be in a later PR

> ### Accounts

Reviewer: Let's delete the existing content until it is being replaced

> ### Accounts

Author: Okay

sudo rm -rf **\~/.vvm**
```

## Quick Start 

After you installed Ape, you can type `ape --version` to make sure it works and it is the latest version. There are two ways to interact with Ape:
- [CLI Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)
- [Python Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)

Ape is both a CLI tool as well as a Python SDK. The CLI tool contains all the Ape commands and the Python SDK contains the classes and types needed to compose scripts, console actions, and tests.

## **Ape Modular Plugin System:**

Our [list of plugins](https://www.apeworx.io/) is the way we want you to have the most interoperable experience with the Web3 Ecosystem.

> NOTE: If a plugin does not originate from the [ApeWorX GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ApeWorX?q=ape&type=all), you will get a warning about installing 3rd-party plugins. Install 3rd party plugins at your own risk.

Reviewer: Just a nit, but it looks nicer when you bold the notes

```suggestion
**NOTE**: If a plugin does not originate from the [ApeWorX GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ApeWorX?q=ape&type=all), you will get a warning about installing 3rd-party plugins. Install 3rd party plugins at your own risk.
```

Generally, set environment variables by doing the following:
## **Ape Modular Plugin System:**

```bash
# Used by the `ape-infura` plugin
export WEB3_INFURA_PROJECT_ID=<YOUR_INFURA_PROJECT_ID>
# Used by the `ape-alchemy` plugin
export WEB3_ALCHEMY_API_KEY=<YOUR_ALCHEMY_KEY>
```
Our [list of plugins](https://www.apeworx.io/) is the way we want you to have the most interoperable experience with the Web3 Ecosystem.

Place these in environment files, such as your `.bashrc` or `.zshrc`.
NOTE: If a plugin does not originate from the [ApeWorX GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ApeWorX?q=ape&type=all), you will get a warning about installing 3rd-party plugins. Install 3rd party plugins at your own risk.
Additionally, plugins that come bundled with **`ape`** in the core installation cannot be removed and are part of the **`ape`** core software.

## Quick Usage

Use `-h` to list all the commands:

```bash
ape -h
```

> ### Projects

Author: yes projects is a userguide and i will link to it in the next iteration of this PR.

> ### Projects

Author: I removed projects and then you told me to wait for the next PR. So i will complete the other sections after the merge

> ### Projects

Reviewer: I don't think we should delete a section if it is ready to be revised correctly. Can we undo this change for now?
I mean - all of the sections are still here.

> ### Accounts

Author: These are not headers.

> ### Accounts

Author: These are the 2 links to learn more about projects. one userguide and one link to tech docs

sudo rm -rf **\~/.vvm**
```

### Quick Start 

> After you installed Ape, there are 2 ways to interact with Ape:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you installed Ape, there are two ways to interact with Ape:
```

- Terminal Interaction
- Python Reference

> Terminal interaction is a way for you to open a project and manually 

Reviewer: This part needs some revising (see my telegram message)

you will want to check to make sure it works and you can see the list of commands:

```bash
$ ape

> Commands:

Reviewer: Risky putting this here because if we add another command or even change the short-help text of a command, we may forgot to update this part in the README

Author: I have rm in favour of `ape --version`

sudo rm -rf **\~/.vvm**
```

## Playing with Ape

After you installed Ape, you can run `ape --version` to make sure it works and it is the latest version.

There are two ways to interact with Ape:

- [CLI Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)

- [Python Reference](https://docs.apeworx.io/ape/latest/index.html)

Ape is both a CLI tool and a Python SDK.

The CLI tool contains all the Ape commands and the Python SDK contains the classes and types needed to compose scripts, console actions, and tests.

## **Ape Modular Plugin System:**

> Our [list of plugins](https://www.apeworx.io/) is the way we want you to have the most interoperable experience with the Web3 Ecosystem.

Reviewer: This link seems wrong? It seems like it should link back to a full list of plugins but it instead links to the ApeWorX homepage.

Author: https://www.apeworx.io/#plugins

> Our [list of plugins](https://www.apeworx.io/) is the way we want you to have the most interoperable experience with the Web3 Ecosystem.

Reviewer: "ecosystem" is kind of an overloaded word in our framework, best to avoid here.

```suggestion
Our [list of plugins](https://www.apeworx.io/) is the best way to have the most interoperable experience with Web3.
```

> **NOTE**: If a plugin does not originate from the [ApeWorX GitHub Organization](https://github.com/ApeWorX?q=ape&type=all), you will get a warning about installing 3rd-party plugins.

Reviewer: The `**NOTE**` is maybe a good candidate for something to strip out of the REAMDE

Author: yes it is

sudo rm -rf **\~/.vvm**
```

## Ape Modular Plugin Sytem:

> One of the best feature of Ape is our modular plugin system. Our plugins is the way we want you to have most interoperable experience with Web Ecosystem.

Reviewer: Our standard for Markdown is 1 sentence per line.

```suggestion
One of the best feature of Ape is our modular plugin system.
Our plugins is the way we want you to have most interoperable experience with Web Ecosystem.
```

> One of the best feature of Ape is our modular plugin system. Our plugins is the way we want you to have most interoperable experience with Web Ecosystem.

Reviewer: I think this second sentence needs revising. For example, `Our plugins is the way ...` should probably be `Our plugins are the way`, and I don't know what `Web Ecosystem` means or know why it is capitalized.

[Plugin list]()

### Quick Start 

> After you installed Ape and you want to get started, you generally will work with a project and need the proper scaffolding. 

Reviewer: This sentence kind of seems like a more verbose way of saying what is already there. Perhaps could use some revising.

> To quickly get started using ape, generate a project using the `ape init`command:

Reviewer: Missing space:

```suggestion
To quickly get started using ape, generate a project using the `ape init` command:
```
